How dare you scold me?
I'm just stating the facts
It's different with backers.
I'm talking hard
Who is the backer?
Qin family
I'm more or less their backer
A nice dinner party
Mixed with some blind cats and dogs
The whole atmosphere is different!
一股装模作样的穷酸碗啊对
身上说的对哎
Security, security
Drive these two poor and sour ghosts out for me
Today is Gu Lao returning home
I have specially arranged a thank you banquet here
People are not divided into three, six, nine, etc
There is no distinction between deep and shallow feelings
As long as you are grateful
Anyone can come here
I'd like to see it
Who is it today?
Changed the rules
Hahahaha
You said you ordered this dinner party
Mansion Land
Thirteen prefectures in Yidu
Each has a triumphant cloud
It is a legacy to congratulate the soldiers on their triumphant return
It's been around for hundreds of years.
And the entire triumphant army
More than just a dowry
You need an identity.
As far as I know
It was Ye Shao who packaged the whole triumph
Organize a thank you banquet for Gu Lao
kid
Remember to draft next time you brag
Don't embarrass yourself
Ye Shao
That what
leaf
Oh yun hahaha
Oh, except for the young master of Yunteng Chamber of Commerce
Who has such great strength and status?
Can pack
And Ye Shao
Soon she will be our fairy Xi
Mom, hahaha, don't talk nonsense.